have you ever dreamed of going to
stanford university
oh my god that's amazing
[Music]
as soon as you walk through the oval you
enter
the main quad and right behind me is the
most
iconic building at stanford called the
memorial
church look at that walking along the
quad you might notice
why are there numbers on the floor 92 93
94 95 all the way to the early 2000s
late 2000s it's actually because
each one of these buried underneath is a
time capsule of the graduating class
so the one question i have is when are
they actually going to dig it up i wanna
see what they're bearing in there so the
quad
is in the dead center of stanford campus
and all around me are classroom dorms so
let's go this way and check out the
engineering buildings
this is the biggest major at stanford
we've now arrived at the engineering
center let me show you the nicest
classroom
on stanford campus as we enter the
engineering building
this is the nvidia auditorium it's kind
of like a classroom
nice lecture hall what is interesting
here is look at these
4k cameras right above it's actually
because stanford records a lot of their
classes so you can go to class
x online and search for an archive of
past stanford lectures the thing about
stanford is like i've noticed that they
care a lot about the engineering and the
computer science faculties
and uh they put a lot of funding into
this as we were walking around outside
there's
like so many research centers it's
insane
if we walk over here i think the teacher
actually left a note for us
subscribe to campus crawl
yeah i might do that right now you
should too listen to the teachers
but this next place we're checking out
is nothing like you've ever seen before
so let's go
right behind me is the hoover tower the
tallest building
on stanford campus because everything is
like super flat here
but what do students do when they're not
studying
in the summer let's go find out over
there
stanford has a really unique tradition
it's called fountain hopping so
during the summers when it's hot people
just jump from
fountain to fountain as if it was a
swimming pool
how cool is that all right we're gonna
become a stanford student quite a hot
day today so i think this will be
refreshing
are you ready it's gonna be cold
oh oh man my pants got all wet
oh feels nice though it's refreshing
all right here we go again
oh my god this one's so much cheaper
than the other one holy
oh my god did you guys all go in
how many did you go to four nice
can i join you guys oh
the stanford campus what was your first
impression of it
it's huge like you have to bike
everywhere everyone has bikes
student life there isn't much to do
around here
it's in the middle of nowhere it's in
the middle of nowhere but if you go
up like 30 minutes san francisco
oakland the bay area do you think
stanford life is more focused on
studying them
oh definitely yeah you'll see people
like
doing work everywhere you go like even
outside which is nice we have a lot of
green areas
pull out your laptop do work nice right
off the quad
is the green library this is the main
library
at stanford university inside is
beautiful
but in order to get in you need to
register for a guest pass
inside as you walk up the marble stairs
you'll see
a display it changes all the time but
right now
it is the leonardo's library you can see
all lynn ardo's drawings and his
notebook
if you head to the right it's west
stacks this is
seven floors of books all the books you
could ever
imagine can be found here the reading
room means to the left
this is a nice show area with big ass
bright windows
and a nice chill and quiet spot to study
walking along the stanford campus it
gives me that beachy feel this
legit looks like a beach resort man look
at these palm trees
and these buildings they look like a
hotel but you know like
studying here probably doesn't feel like
a beach resort because they weren't so
focused on research or their academics
sports is a big part of stanford culture
as you can see behind me is a tennis
match
oh i actually gotta show you the trophy
room later because
apparently they have the most trophies
out of any university
but if we pan around we can see that's
the cops track and field and if we walk
a little bit
back there is the stanford stadium it's
actually where the big game is held the
annual
big game between stanford and
uc berkeley the school gets together and
cheers for the stanford
cardinals go cardinals
[Music]
we're now entering the coolest place on
stanford campus
this is a home of champions
behind me are all the trophies stanford
has won
look at this they have one trophies four
swimming
basketball football tennis every big
sport
is in this building as we climb the
steps
at the very top lays the championship
cup
for all sports in the d1 division this
means stanford
won the most championships in all
universities across america in the year
to 2018.
this is a definition of glory
go cardinals we're the stamford
basketball courts let's make a deal
if i give this thing one shot you
subscribe and turn on notifications
hit that subscribe button we're now
inside the memorial church
it's quite impressive i gotta say
everything is so meticulously crafted
and the ceiling here
is extremely high making this church
feel a lot bigger than it looks so the
artwork in here is actually made of tiny
little tiles so if you look very close
you'll realize how much work went into
making this place
look as stunning as it is coming to this
church
it immediately gave me a sense of ease
and calmness
maybe it's a lighting maybe it's the
fact that it's so quiet
or maybe it's the fact that the ceiling
is so tall it's like
i'm going up to the sky absolutely
stunning
before you leave stanford university you
definitely gotta check out the merch
store
it's one of the biggest i've seen with a
nice selection of hats and hoodies and
t-shirts
and everything you want but the weirdest
thing i found in there
is definitely their mascot it's a tree
with eyes and mouth
why stanford this thing is so creepy
it's probably gonna haunt me in my
dreams
well if you enjoyed this episode of
stanford campus crawl
click right here to subscribe and
click here to watch another video and
click here to watch another video
my name is hafugo and i'll see you next
time
peace